README.md, before:

# Paradex

A simple, yet high performance client library for [paradex](https://www.paradex.trade/)

Both websocket and rest connectivity are supported. Currently a sub-set of the most important APIs are supported.

The benchmark uses mimalloc as I notice a 10-20% speedup using a mimalloc vs default allocator. Suggest benchmarking on your system / environment.

## Support Me

If you appreciate this crate, donate to 0x4a0b9C3781d78BDE1Ca29B216e78f192c636De0f on ethereum or base. Or use my paradex referral link for a 5% fee discount. [Click Here](https://app.paradex.trade/r/wisesplicerfc)

## Examples

See [here](https://github.com/snow-avocado/paradex-rs/tree/main/examples) for full examples.

### Simple example for receiving public market Data Over WebSocket

```rust,no_run
#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
    let symbol: String = "BTC-USD-PERP".into();
    let manager = paradex::ws::WebsocketManager::new(paradex::url::URL::Testnet, None).await;
    let summary_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::MarketSummary,
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let bbo_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::BBO {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let trades_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::Trades {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let orderbook_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::OrderBook {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
                refresh_rate: "50ms".into(),
                price_tick: None,
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let orderbook_deltas_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::OrderBookDeltas {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let funding_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::FundingData {
                market_symbol: None,
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();

    tokio::time::sleep(Duration::from_secs(120)).await;

    for id in [
        summary_id,
        bbo_id,
        trades_id,
        orderbook_id,
        orderbook_deltas_id,
        funding_id,
    ] {
        manager.unsubscribe(id).await.unwrap();
    }

    tokio::time::sleep(Duration::from_secs(5)).await;
    manager.stop().await.unwrap();
}
```

Commit message:

feat: onboarding
- ability to create a rest client from eth private key and onboarding.=
- applied cargo fmt on the codebase

README.md, after:

# Paradex

A simple, yet high performance client library for [paradex](https://www.paradex.trade/)

Both websocket and rest connectivity are supported. Currently a sub-set of the most important APIs are supported.

The benchmark uses mimalloc as I notice a 10-20% speedup using a mimalloc vs default allocator. Suggest benchmarking on your system / environment.

## Support Me

If you appreciate this crate, donate to 0x4a0b9C3781d78BDE1Ca29B216e78f192c636De0f on ethereum or base. Or use my paradex referral link for a 5% fee discount. [Click Here](https://app.paradex.trade/r/wisesplicerfc)

## Examples

See [here](https://github.com/snow-avocado/paradex-rs/tree/main/examples) for full examples.

### Onboarding with an Ethereum private key

Run the onboarding helper (requires the `onboarding` feature) to derive your Paradex Stark key from an Ethereum private key and optionally attach marketing/referral metadata:

```bash
cargo run --example onboarding --features onboarding -- \
    --ethereum-private-key <hex> \
    --marketing-code OPTIONAL_CODE \
    --referral-code OPTIONAL_REFERRAL
```

Override the `--utm-*` flags to populate campaign tracking fields, or pass `--production` to talk to mainnet instead of testnet.

### Simple example for receiving public market Data Over WebSocket

```rust,no_run
#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
    let symbol: String = "BTC-USD-PERP".into();
    let manager = paradex::ws::WebsocketManager::new(paradex::url::URL::Testnet, None).await;
    let summary_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::MarketSummary,
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let bbo_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::BBO {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let trades_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::Trades {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let orderbook_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::OrderBook {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
                refresh_rate: "50ms".into(),
                price_tick: None,
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let orderbook_deltas_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::OrderBookDeltas {
                market_symbol: symbol.clone(),
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();
    let funding_id = manager
        .subscribe(
            paradex::ws::Channel::FundingData {
                market_symbol: None,
            },
            Box::new(|message| info!("Received message {message:?}")),
        )
        .await
        .unwrap();

    tokio::time::sleep(Duration::from_secs(120)).await;

    for id in [
        summary_id,
        bbo_id,
        trades_id,
        orderbook_id,
        orderbook_deltas_id,
        funding_id,
    ] {
        manager.unsubscribe(id).await.unwrap();
    }

    tokio::time::sleep(Duration::from_secs(5)).await;
    manager.stop().await.unwrap();
}
```
